README.md, before:

# Django QR code
This is an application that provides tools for displaying QR codes on your Django site.

This application depends on the [qrcode](https://github.com/lincolnloop/python-qrcode) python library.

This app makes no usage of the Django models and therefore do not use any database.

Only Python 3 is supported.

## Installation

### Binary Package from PyPi
In order to use this app in a Django project, the simplest way is to install it from PyPi:
```bash
pip install django-qr-code
```

### From the Source Code
In order to modify or test this app you may want to install it from the source code.

Clone the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/dprog-philippe-docourt/django-qr-code) and then run:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
python manage.py collectstatic --no-input
```

## Usage
Start by adding `qr_code` to your `INSTALLED_APPS` setting like this:
```python
INSTALLED_APPS = (
    ...,
    'qr_code',
)
```

The tag `qr_from_text` generates an embedded `svg` or `img` tag within the HTML code produced by your template.

The following renders a tiny "hello world" QR code with a `svg` tag:
```djangotemplate
{% qr_from_text "Hello World!" size="T" %}
```
Here is a medium "hello world" QR code with an `img` tag:
```djangotemplate
{% qr_from_text "Hello World!" size="m" image_format='png' %}
```

The size of the QR code can be either a positive integer or one of the following letters:
* t or T: tiny (value: 6)
* s or S: small (value: 12)
* m or M: medium (value: 18)
* l or L: large (value: 30)
* h or H: huge (value: 48)

Here is a "hello world" QR code using the version 12:
```djangotemplate
{% qr_from_text "Hello World!" size=8 version=12 %}
```
The version parameter is an integer from 1 to 40 that controls the size of the QR Code. Set to None to determine this automatically. The smallest, version 1, is a 21 x 21 matrix. The biggest, version 40, is 177 x 177 matrix. The size grows by 4 boxes/side.

Here is a "hello world" QR code using a border of 6 boxes:
```djangotemplate
{% qr_from_text "Hello World!" size=10 border=6 %}
```
The border parameter controls how many boxes thick the border should be (the default is 4, which is the minimum according to the specs).

The source code on [GitHub](https://github.com/dprog-philippe-docourt/django-qr-code) contains a simple demo app. Please check out the templates folder (in qr_code_demo/templates/qr_code_demo) for examples.

## Demo Application
If you want to try this app, you may want to use the demo application shipped alongside the source code.

Get the source code from [GitHub](https://github.com/dprog-philippe-docourt/django-qr-code), follow the [installation instructions](#from-the-source-code) above, and run the `runserver` command of Django:
```bash
python manage.py runserver
```
The demo application should be running at <http://127.0.0.1:8000/>.

## Testing
Get the source code from [GitHub](https://github.com/dprog-philippe-docourt/django-qr-code), follow the [installation instructions](#from-the-source-code) above, and run the `test` command of Django:
```bash
python manage.py test
```

Commit message:

Added notes about SVG vs PNG.

README.md, after:

# Django QR Code
This is an application that provides tools for displaying QR codes on your Django site.

This application depends on the [qrcode](https://github.com/lincolnloop/python-qrcode) python library.

This app makes no usage of the Django models and therefore do not use any database.

Only Python 3 is supported.

## Installation

### Binary Package from PyPi
In order to use this app in a Django project, the simplest way is to install it from PyPi:
```bash
pip install django-qr-code
```

### From the Source Code
In order to modify or test this app you may want to install it from the source code.

Clone the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/dprog-philippe-docourt/django-qr-code) and then run:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
python manage.py collectstatic --no-input
```

## Usage
Start by adding `qr_code` to your `INSTALLED_APPS` setting like this:
```python
INSTALLED_APPS = (
    ...,
    'qr_code',
)
```

The tag `qr_from_text` generates an embedded `svg` or `img` tag within the HTML code produced by your template.

The following renders a tiny "hello world" QR code with a `svg` tag:
```djangotemplate
{% qr_from_text "Hello World!" size="T" %}
```
Here is a medium "hello world" QR code with an `img` tag:
```djangotemplate
{% qr_from_text "Hello World!" size="m" image_format='png' %}
```

The size of the QR code can be either a positive integer or one of the following letters:
* t or T: tiny (value: 6)
* s or S: small (value: 12)
* m or M: medium (value: 18)
* l or L: large (value: 30)
* h or H: huge (value: 48)

Here is a "hello world" QR code using the version 12:
```djangotemplate
{% qr_from_text "Hello World!" size=8 version=12 %}
```
The version parameter is an integer from 1 to 40 that controls the size of the QR Code. Set to None to determine this automatically. The smallest, version 1, is a 21 x 21 matrix. The biggest, version 40, is 177 x 177 matrix. The size grows by 4 boxes/side.

Here is a "hello world" QR code using a border of 6 boxes:
```djangotemplate
{% qr_from_text "Hello World!" size=10 border=6 %}
```
The border parameter controls how many boxes thick the border should be (the default is 4, which is the minimum according to the specs).

The source code on [GitHub](https://github.com/dprog-philippe-docourt/django-qr-code) contains a simple demo app. Please check out the templates folder (in qr_code_demo/templates/qr_code_demo) for examples.

## Notes
The SVG is the default image format. It is a vectorial format so it can be scaled as wanted. However, it has two drawbacks. The size is not given in pixel, so you do not know the number of pixels it will occupy. The format is less compact than PNG and results in a larger HTML content. Note that a base64 PNG is less compressible than a SVG tag, so it might not matter that much of you use HTML compression on your web server.

SVG has [broad support](http://caniuse.com/#feat=svg) now and it will work properly on any modern web browser.
 
## Demo Application
If you want to try this app, you may want to use the demo application shipped alongside the source code.

Get the source code from [GitHub](https://github.com/dprog-philippe-docourt/django-qr-code), follow the [installation instructions](#from-the-source-code) above, and run the `runserver` command of Django:
```bash
python manage.py runserver
```
The demo application should be running at <http://127.0.0.1:8000/>.

## Testing
Get the source code from [GitHub](https://github.com/dprog-philippe-docourt/django-qr-code), follow the [installation instructions](#from-the-source-code) above, and run the `test` command of Django:
```bash
python manage.py test
```
